hey guys pure strategy so ppl here and
as you can read the text i don't really
want to say it basically the beginning
is just us getting a little boy Island
giving up sadly the commentary in the
back that's me taught me oh you
shouldn't hear it too much maybe a
couple times but yeah we died because
our we lost because we just got bored we
didn't one away from all to die I get
him back then what is one see that yeah
basically I died in here and their
bonuses are school I sport stuff the
ranks 805 43 the scores accounts that
let me go up first see you guys are
talking to you Sarge you've ducked up
and jump it I said yeah yeah jump jump
and duck yeah and then you tuck it right
into the wall then I can
drop the duck stand-up job there we go
yeah doesn't remove just keep walking
we're just going to walk to the end I
wanted him to go to the answer so you
guys could see where you could walk to
yeah so then now we go on the other side
after this they were on the other side
and basically do the same thing left to
knock the two bottom parts of the
winters it by the way rolling
same thing
oh sure i'll show you as I'm going up
upon see that not yet i do you come you
come in yet like my you come in it walk
faster okay yeah I'm fine even have to
talk yeah yeah there's the last one it's
not the best just jump on like you
normally do for those glitches and then
John I they can still hit you birth you
have juggernaut you jump in already here
we die we'll just show him going up and
pay you go again but yeah I would post
the one going through the great no level
but yet like I said someone pissed me
off comment rate and subscribe and for
future glitches that I may not post we
need to go to mpgh calm